doc: Add known issue for DRGN-23231 (deadlock on link loss) (#17896)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/known_issues.rst

Author: Should we also add an entry to the release notes stating that this issue has been fixed?

Author: Done

Bluetooth LE
============

.. rst-class:: v2-7-0 v2-6-2 v2-6-1 v2-6-0 v2-5-3 v2-5-2 v2-4-4 v2-4-3

> DRGN-23302: The Bluetooth subsystem may in some cases deadlock when a Bluetooth link is lost while there is data transfer ongoing.
>   When this happens, the disconnected event is never delivered to the application.
>   The issue occurs when :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_HCI_ACL_FLOW_CONTROL` is enabled which is enabled by default on nRF5340.
>   The issue is a result of the fix applied in DRGN-21085.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DRGN-23302: The Bluetooth subsystem may sometimes deadlock when a Bluetooth link is lost during data transfer
  When this happens, the disconnected event is never delivered to the application.
  The issue occurs when the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_HCI_ACL_FLOW_CONTROL` Kconfig option is enabled.
  This option is enabled by default on the nRF5340 DK.
```

  **Affected platforms:** nRF5340

> 

Reviewer: Any workaround?

Author: Resetting the device is the only thing that resolves it, so there is no good workaround for it

Bluetooth LE
============

.. rst-class:: v2-7-0 v2-6-2 v2-6-1 v2-6-0 v2-5-3 v2-5-2 v2-4-4 v2-4-3

> DRGN-23231: The Bluetooth subsystem may sometimes deadlock when a Bluetooth link is lost during data transfer.
>   When this happens, the disconnected event is never delivered to the application.
>   The issue occurs when the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_HCI_ACL_FLOW_CONTROL` Kconfig option is enabled.
>   This option is enabled by default on the nRF5340 DK.
>   The issue is a result of the fix applied in DRGN-21085.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DRGN-23231: The Bluetooth subsystem may sometimes deadlock when a Bluetooth link is lost during data transfer
  When this happens, the disconnected event is never delivered to the application.
  The issue occurs when the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_HCI_ACL_FLOW_CONTROL` Kconfig option is enabled.
  This option is enabled by default on the nRF5340 DK.
```
We do not use full stop on the first line (the short description of the issue.
And I think we do not want to advertise that an issue occurs due to a fix done earlier.
